===== PAGE 1 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
INDUSIND MOTOR ASSURED VALUE INSURANCE - POLICY WORDINGS
1. PREAMBLE
The Policyholder as mentioned in the Policy Schedule has:
•
by way of requesting IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”) for issuance of the
Policy, disclosed all the relevant information required by the Company for deciding on the issuance of Policy and
•
agreed to undertake to pay subsequent premiums, by their due dates, including premiums for endorsements, and
•
subsequent to the issuance of the Policy, by way of requesting the Company for issuance of the Certificate(s) of Insurance
under the Policy, disclosed all the relevant information required by the Company for deciding on the issuance of the
Certificate(s) of Insurance and
•
paid appropriate premium and has agreed to undertake to pay subsequent premiums, if any, by their due dates, including
premiums for endorsements.
This Policy is subject to the Terms, Exceptions and Conditions contained herein or endorsed or otherwise expressed hereon.
2. DEFINITION
i.
Accident/Accidental Means a sudden, unexpected, unforeseen and undesirable physical event, caused by external
violent and visible means beyond the control of the Insured and the Beneficiary.
ii.
Accidental Damage: Means any physical damage to the Insured Vehicle, which is caused by an Accident, which prevents
the usage or impairs functionality of such Insured Vehicle. Accidental Damage does not include minor scratches, dents or
any such cosmetic damages that do not impair the usage or functionality of the Insured Vehicle.
iii.
Actual Re-sale Value of the Insured Vehicle means the price which the Insured Vehicle fetches in the open market at the
time of re-sale.
iv.
Assured Value means the value as specified in the Certificate of Insurance, which is the minimum value guaranteed to
the Beneficiary by the Policyholder for the Insured Vehicle at a particular point in time referred as the ‘Time of Guarantee’
(defined as the time period in months elapsed since the first purchase of the Insured Vehicle).
v.
Authorized Workshop: means the workshop/service centre that has been allowed and recognised by the Manufacturer
to provide post-sales service for the Insured Vehicle of the brand belonging to the Manufacturer.
vi.
Beneficiary means the owner of the Insured Vehicle and whose name is specifically appearing as such in the Certificate
of Insurance.
vii.
Certificate of Insurance means the certificate issued in line with the terms and conditions as agreed upon in the Policy
attached to and forming part of this insurance contract mentioning details including but not limited to, details of the Insured
Vehicle, the registered first owner (Beneficiary) of the underlying assured value issued by the Insured and covered by the
Company, Certificate Period, coverage, premium paid (including duties, taxes and levies thereon).

The Certificate of Insurance shall be subject to all terms, conditions and exclusions of the Policy Schedule to which it is
attached.
viii. Certificate Period means the period from the Certificate Start Date till the Certificate End Date as specified in the
Certificate of Insurance.
ix.
Company means IndusInd General Insurance Company.
x.
Dealer Means the distributor or distributing agency which sells the Insured Vehicle and is an authorized seller or re-seller.
xi.
Ex-showroom price: means discounted price of Vehicle at which respective Dealer sells the Vehicle to the Beneficiary and
does not include Regional Transport Office (RTO) charges, insurance premium and other costs like smart card charges,
number plate charges or any other fees or the cost of accessories or any other charges or taxes incurred to make the
vehicle roadworthy.
xii.
Insured means the Policyholder who is also the Guarantor.
xiii. Guarantee Agreement: means the agreement between the Guarantor (the Policyholder) and the Beneficiary (the first
owner of the Insured Vehicle) by which the Guarantor has guaranteed the Assured Value for the Insured Vehicle to the
Beneficiary under the re-sale circumstances as defined in the Guarantee Agreement.
xiv. Insured Vehicle: means any Vehicle, which is the subject matter of insurance under this Policy, and which is specifically
appearing as such in the Certificate of Insurance.
xv.
Loss: means the Loss incurred by the Policyholder and is calculated as the Assured value as specified in the Certificate
of Insurance less the Actual Re-sale Value of the Insured Vehicle at the Time of Guarantee.
xvi. Manufacturer or Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) means the producer (who makes or assembles or processes
or packages or labels or advertises or issues instructions for use and maintenance) of the Insured Vehicle.
xvii. Maximum Total Covered Distance: means the total driven distance in kilometers from the original Purchase Date of

===== PAGE 2 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
the Insured Vehicle, for which this Policy is valid. The Maximum Total Covered Distance is as stated in the Certificate of
Insurance.
xviii. Offering Window means the maximum number of consecutive days from the original Purchase Date of the Vehicle
proposed to be insured, within which this Certificate can be purchased. The Offer Window is as stated in the Policy
Schedule.
xix. Policy Means a contract between the Policyholder and the Company as stated in the following:
i. The Policy Schedule including details of Add-ons, extensions, special conditions, warranties and exclusions;
ii. Any Endorsements to the Policy Schedule;
iii. The Certificates of Insurance
iv. The proposal and all declarations made by Policyholder on their behalf;
xx. Policy Period Means the period from the Policy Start Date till the Policy End Date as specified in the Policy Schedule.
xxi. Policy Schedule Means the schedule that contains details of the extent of cover available to the Insured, the exclusions
under the cover and the terms and conditions of the issue of the Policy.
xxii. Registration certificate (RC) A vehicle registration certificate is an official document providing proof of registration of a
vehicle.
xxiii. State of Health (SOH) of the Lithium-Ion Battery Means the measurement of condition of the Lithium-Ion Battery compared
with that of the Manufacturer’s specification for the Lithium-Ion Battery. It is generally expressed in percentage terms,
ranging between 0% to 100%. 100% means that battery’s condition is fully meeting the manufacturer’s specifications. The
typical factors considered in these calculations are (the list below is inclusive but not exhaustive):
• Internal Resistance or conductance
• Battery Capacity
• Voltage
• Self-discharge
• Age of the battery
xxiv. Technically Sound Condition refers to a vehicle that, at the end of the policy period, is in a safe, roadworthy, and
fully functional state, without requiring major repairs or component replacements to maintain its intended operation.
Specifically, the vehicle must fulfil all of the below:
• Be Free from Critical Mechanical or Electrical Failures – All essential systems, including propulsion (engine/motor),
transmission, braking, and steering, must function without defects that compromise performance, safety, or efficiency.
• Have an Intact Structural Framework – The vehicle's body and chassis should not have major damage, unauthorized
modifications, or repairs that compromise safety or drivability.
• Meet Safety & Roadworthiness Standards – The vehicle should comply with the legally mandated inspection or
certification criteria applicable in its jurisdiction, ensuring it is safe for continued operation.
• Have No Unauthorized Tampering or Modifications – Odometer integrity should be maintained, and no alterations
should have been made that impact performance, warranty, or compliance with regulations.
• Be Capable of Normal Operation – The vehicle should start, accelerate, steer, and brake effectively, with all essential
electronic, lighting, and display functions operating as intended.
3. COVERAGE
3.1. Assured Value

The Company shall Indemnify the Policyholder for the value of Loss if at the Time of Guarantee, the Actual Re-sale Value
of the Insured Vehicle is lower than the Assured Value as specified in the Certificate of Insurance, and the Policyholder
upholds the terms as per the Guarantee Agreement by buying the Insured Vehicle at the Assured Value. Payment under
this Cover shall be subject to the terms specified under section 4 Assured Value Conditions:
4. ASSURED VALUE CONDITIONS
For a Claim to be payable under this Policy, the following conditions shall be met :-
i.
Intimation Window: The Company should be intimated for initiation of the Insured Vehicle’s re-sale process within the
Intimation Window specified in the Certificate of Insurance.

No claim shall be payable where the Beneficiary or Policyholder fails to intimate the Company and make available the
Insured Vehicle for physical inspection within the Intimation Window.
ii.
The Insured Vehicle should be insured under a valid Comprehensive Motor Insurance Policy for the entire Certificate
Period in continuity.
iii.
At the Time of Guarantee, the Insured Vehicle must be in actual condition as specified by manufacturer.

===== PAGE 3 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.

No technical modification, no change in colour or other specification, no cutting / welding on the vehicle frame (chassis)
is allowed.
iv.
The Insured Vehicle at the Time of Guarantee must be in a Technically Sound State and not have been involved in any
accident and/or collision or damaged except to the extent acceptable under Wear and Tear Guidelines.
v.
The odometer reading of the Insured Vehicle shall not have exceeded the Maximum Total Covered Distance as allowed
under the Certificate of Insurance before the Time of Guarantee.

It is agreed that in case the odometer reading of the Insured Vehicle exceeds the Maximum Total Covered Distance,
Assured Value of the Insured Vehicle shall be reduced by INR _/- per Kilometer (as specified in the Certificate of Insurance)
provided it is within the Extra Kilometers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no claim shall be
payable where the odometer reading of the Insured Vehicle exceeds the Extra Kilometers.
vi.
Neither the Beneficiary nor the Insured or any of its affiliates have taken any action that could reasonably be foreseen to
have a material adverse impact upon the Actual Re-sale Value of vehicle.
vii.
At the time of claim all vehicle related documents should be verified in original with no pending litigation and no pending
claim under the Comprehensive Motor Insurance Policy(s) of the Insured Vehicle (whether under Own Damage or under
Third Party Liability).
viii. There shall be no legal cases /obligation/fines/penalties or RTO violations pending whatsoever against the Insured Vehicle
and all the necessary taxes, insurance premium should be paid regularly until the time the Insured Vehicle is Resold.
Insured Vehicle shall be free from all encumbrance and dues. Further Insured Vehicle shall not be part of any dispute
under any law including Motor Vehicle Act and Rules made thereunder.
ix.
The Beneficiary shall have paid all dues on time and there shall be no defaults under any Loan Agreement entered into
with the financier or with any third party in connection with the Insured Vehicle. However, in case there is an outstanding
loan on the Insured Vehicle, then the Beneficiary shall pay all the outstanding dues to the respective financier and obtain
no objection certificate (“NOC”) from the financier and submit the same in original along with RC Docket to the Company.
It is hereby clarified and understood that in such cases, payment of Loss by the Company to the Beneficiary shall be
subject to the submission of original NOC received from the financier.
x.
Vehicle is in proper working condition with battery, and all mechanical, electrical and electronic parts intact and functioning
properly. Vehicle should not have any unrepaired damage or major dents or corrosion or wear and tear exceeding the
generally expected wear and tear as laid out under the Wear and Tear Guidelines.

Details of acceptable and unacceptable wear and tear are included in the Annexure ‘Wear and Tear Guidelines’ to this
document.
xi.
Original keys and/or key fobs (all sets) should be available
xii.
Tampering of odometer would render the cover null and void ab- initio.
xiii. Any tampering with the traction Battery or Battery pack or tampering or removal of the warranty seal by any unauthorized
party would render the cover null and void ab- initio (Applicable for electric vehicle and hybrid vehicles).
xiv. No claim shall be payable where the Beneficiary sells the Insured Vehicle without the prior written approval of the Company.
xv.
No claim shall be payable where the Insured sells the Insured Vehicle at lower than the highest bid received for the Insured
Vehicle.
5. EXCLUSIONS
The Company shall not cover Loss due to any reduction in the Actual Re-sale Value of the Insured Vehicle caused directly or
indirectly as a result of any of the below::
i.
Non-possession of Insured Vehicle: Failure or inability to obtain unencumbered actual or constructive possession of the
Insured Vehicle for any reason.
ii.
Use other than for agreed purpose: Use of the Insured Vehicle in competitions, racing, rallying, motor sports, pace-
making, speed testing and or reliability trials, transportation of goods and or for hire as taxi or driving school or any other
commercial use.

Use of Insured Vehicle for any purpose other than originally intended and agreed.
iii.
Accidental Damage: Own damage claim(s) under the Comprehensive Motor Insurance Policy(s) of the Insured Vehicle
since the time of purchase of the new Insured Vehicle and upto the Time of Guarantee exceed the Own Damage Threshold
as specified in the Certificate of Insurance.
iv.
Accidental total loss of the vehicle: Accidental total loss or Constructive Total Loss of the Insured Vehicle as defined
under motor insurance package policy.
v.
Incorrect Maintenance: Reduction in actual market value of a vehicle covered under the Policy, resulting from poor,
incorrect, incomplete periodic maintenance as per the Manufacturer owner's manual, failure to observe servicing
schedules within the stipulated mileage and or time restrictions; insufficient care; use of spurious parts, or any other
operating methods, by Beneficiary, other than those mentioned in Manufacturer’s manual or use beyond the limitations.

===== PAGE 4 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
vi.
Fraud: Fraudulent act committed by the Beneficiary or driver or the Insured or the Dealer.
vii.
Breach of Law: Beneficiary or the Insured committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent.
viii. Non-Identification: Insured Vehicle, on which engine number or chassis number is deleted, defaced, and or altered shall
not be eligible for claim under the Policy.
ix.
Insect Damage: Reduction in actual market value of the Insured Vehicle as a result of damage due to vermin, animal
or insect damage, bird droppings, effect of light, rodent bite, sun or any atmospheric conditions, dust etc. beyond that
acceptable as per the Wear and Tear Guidelines.
x.
Environmental exposures: Reduction in actual market value of the Insured Vehicle as a result of damage from soot and
smoke, chemicals, bird droppings, sea water, sea breeze, salt, stone chipping, iron dust acid rain or any other chemical
influences (regarding paint or body damage, especially stone throw, air-borne rust, industrial fall out) beyond that
acceptable as per the Wear and Tear Guidelines. Damage to catalytic converter due to use of wrong or bad quality of fuel
in the Insured vehicle.
xi.
Unauthorized repair: Any failure due to unauthorized repairs, improper handling (including storage, dismantling, fitting,
repair, alteration, modification), inaccurate diagnosis and or repair, use of parts other than the Manufacture’s genuine
parts or of any device and accessories not supplied by the Manufacture, parts of incorrect specification and or parts of
faulty manufacture or alterations or modifications (including fitment of any performance accessory) to the Insured Vehicle
not permitted by the Manufacturer or Dealer.
xii.
Use of adulterated or improper products: Reduction in actual market value of the Insured Vehicle due to use of adulterated
or improper products: Use of adulterated or improper service products such as fuel, oils, brake fluids, coolants, washing
and polishing products
xiii. Glass components: Reduction in actual market value of the Insured Vehicle due to damage to the any breakages, cracks,
scratches to the glass components of the Insured Vehicle, including but limited to the windshield, windows, headlights
and indicator lights.
xiv. EV Battery’s State of Health (SOH): Reduction in actual market value of the Insured Vehicle due to EV Battery’s State of
Health (SOH) being below the threshold specified in the Certificate of Insurance. (Applicable for electric vehicle).

Overcharging the battery or not adhering to the Battery Safety Instructions and any amendments thereof. (Applicable for
electric vehicle).
xv.
Non-recommended equipment: The use of charger or charging stations not recommended by Manufacturer of the
vehicle. (Applicable for electric vehicle).
xvi. Theft: Reduction in actual market value of the Insured Vehicle due to theft/absence of vehicle equipment’s and/or
Accessories, fitted in new vehicle as standard Equipment supplied by the Manufacturer
xvii. Product Recall: Any loss or reduction in the actual market value of the Insured Vehicle directly or indirectly due to any
product recall campaign and/or any manufacturing defect Whether or Not resulting in a product call back campaign and
which may or may not be remedied by the Manufacturer.
xviii. Regulatory changes: Loss arising due to Change in government regulations impacting benefits under the Agreement.
xix. Manufacturer Bankruptcy or closure of operations: Loss due to bankruptcy of Manufacturer or closure of the
Manufacturer’s operations in India due to any reason.
xx.
Class Action lawsuit: Loss due to Class Action lawsuit involving the model of the Insured Vehicle, unless such Class
Action lawsuit stands dismissed at the Time of Guarantee.
xxi. Natural Disaster: Any loss or reduction in the actual market value of the Insured Vehicle, due to an environmental event
such as but not limited to a volcanic eruption, earthquake, tidal wave, typhoon or flood.
xxii. Financial Crisis: Any loss or reduction in the actual market value of the Insured Vehicle, due to banking crisis, currency
crisis, debt crisis (domestic or foreign), economic recession or depression, liquidity crisis in India
xxiii. Communicable Disease: Any loss or reduction in the actual market value of the Insured Vehicle, directly or indirectly
arising out of, attributable to, or occurring concurrently or in any sequence with a Communicable Disease or the fear or
threat (whether actual or perceived) of a Communicable Disease
xxiv. Sanctions limitation: Any loss or reduction in the actual market value of the Insured Vehicle due to sanctions, prohibition
or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European
Union, United Kingdom or United States of America.
xxv. War and terrorism: Any loss damage and/or liability directly or indirectly or proximately or remotely occasioned by or
contributed to by or traceable to or arising out of or in connection with war, invasion, the act of foreign enemies, hostilities
or warlike operations (whether before or after declaration of war), civil war, mutiny rebellion, military or usurped power or
by any direct or indirect consequences of any of the said occurrences and in the event of any claim hereunder the Insured
shall prove that the loss damage and/or liability arose independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned
by or contributed to by or traceable to any of the said occurrences or any consequences thereof and in default of such

===== PAGE 5 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
proof the Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of such a claim.
xxvi. Any loss or reduction in the actual market value of the Insured Vehicle directly or indirectly due to damage / destruction
caused through cyber risks, loss, erasure, corruption or Altera computer virus) or loss of use, reduction in functionality,
cost and Expense of whatsoever concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss.
xxvii. Cyber Act Exclusion (LMA2547 – 4/10/16, amended): Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this Policy or
any endorsement thereto, this Policy excludes any Cyber Loss.

If the Company allege that by reason of this exclusion any Cyber Loss sustained by the Insured is not covered by this
Policy, the burden of proving the contrary shall be upon the Insured.

Definitions:

Cyber Loss means all actual or alleged loss, damage, liability, injury, compensation, sickness, disease, death, medical
payment, claim, cost, defence cost, expense or any other amount incurred by or accruing to the Insured, including but not
limited to any mitigation cost or statutory fine or penalty, directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from,
arising out of or in connection with any Cyber Act perpetrated by any person or group(s).

Cyber Act means an unauthorized or malicious act or series of related unauthorized or malicious acts, regardless of time
and place, or the threat or hoax thereof involving access to, processing of, use of or operation of any Computer System
or any data by any person or group(s) of persons.

Computer System means any computer, hardware, software, information technology and communications system or
electronic device, including any similar system or any configuration of the aforementioned and including any associated
input, output or data storage device, networking equipment or back up facility.
xxviii. Nuclear Attack: Nuclear, chemical or biological attack or weapons, contributed to, caused by, resulting from or from any
other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss, claim or expense. For the purpose of
this exclusion:
a. Nuclear attack or weapons means the use of any nuclear weapon or device or waste or combustion of nuclear fuel
or the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of fissile/ fusion material emitting a level of radioactivity
capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.
b. Chemical attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid or gaseous
chemical compound which, when suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or
death.
c. Biological attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any pathogenic (disease
producing) micro-organisms and or biologically produced toxins (including genetically modified organisms and
chemically synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.
6. LIMIT OF LIABILITY
The Company’s maximum liability arising out of any claim and in aggregate of all claims in respect of an Insured Vehicle under
this Policy during the Certificate Period shall not exceed the Assured Value of the Insured Vehicle.
7. CLAIM PROCESS
The Beneficiary shall intimate the Company within the Intimation Window about the intention to invoke claim under the
Guarantee Agreement.
Once the claim is registered with the Company, the Company shall assign a surveyor to assess the condition of the Insured
Vehicle in accordance with the applicable Wear and Tear Guidelines along with verification of documents as per Section 8
Claim Documents.
During the course of inspection, if the condition of the Insured Vehicle is not in accordance with the applicable Wear and Tear
Guidelines, the Insurer will allow a period of ____ days to the Beneficiary to complete necessary repairs. After confirmation from
the Beneficiary, company appointed surveyor will reinspect the Insured Vehicle as per the policy terms & conditions and submit
Final Survey report to the Insurer.
A.
If in case, vehicle is still not compliant with the Wear and Tear Guidelines, then Company shall have the right to repudiate
the claim.
B.
Upon receiving a satisfactory survey/final survey report and subject to Policy’s terms and conditions, the Company shall
intimate the Insured that the Beneficiary has complied with the terms of the Buyback Guarantee and the guarantee may
be fulfilled by the Insured.
Once the Buyback Guarantee has been fulfilled by the Insured and the Insured gains custody of the Insured Vehicle, the
Company shall enlist the services of its empanelled Dealers to provide quotation(s) for re-sale of the Insured Vehicle.
No claim shall be payable under the Policy where the highest quote received exceeds the Assured Value.
The claim process is subject to the following:

===== PAGE 6 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
•
The Beneficiary shall allow the Company, its Surveyor and the authorised Dealer access to complete details of the Vehicle
and consent to inspection and terms of service required to obtain the necessary quotations for re-sale.
•
No claim shall be payable where any modification is made to the Insured Vehicle post the final surveyor report is concluded.
•
No claim shall be payable under the Policy if the Insured does not fulfil their obligation to the Beneficiary under the
underlying Guarantee Agreement.
8. CLAIM DOCUMENTS
The following shall be required at the time of claim
i.
RC Docket,
ii.
Signed relevant forms as specified by the Ministry of Road, transport and highway for transfer of ownership of the vehicle,
iii.
NOC from financier, if applicable,
iv.
Valid insurance policy(s),
v.
PUC Certificate and duly executed RTO forms viz. Form 28, 29, 30, 35/NOC (if applicable)
vi.
Proof of receipt of sales proceeds and handover of Insured Vehicle to the Dealer or re-purchaser (buyer).
vii.
Any other document as required by the Company for establishing the claim.
9. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
9.1
Incontestability and duty of disclosure

The Policy shall be null and void and no benefit shall be payable in the event of untrue or incorrect statements,
misrepresentation, mis-description or on non-disclosure in any material particular in the proposal form, personal statement,
declaration and connected documents, or any material information having been withheld, or a claim being fraudulent or
any fraudulent means or devices being used by the Beneficiary or the Insured or any one acting on his behalf to obtain
any benefit under this Policy.
9.2 Reasonable care

The Insured shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the interests of the Company against any loss or damage that may
give rise to the claim.
9.3 Observance of terms and conditions

The due observance and fulfilment of the terms, conditions and endorsement of this Policy in so far as they relate to
anything to be done or complied with by the Beneficiary and the Insured, shall be a condition precedent to any liability of
the Company to make any payment under this Policy.
9.4 Material change

The Beneficiary and the Insured shall immediately notify the Company in writing, of any material change in the risk.
9.5 No constructive notice

Any of the circumstances in relation to these conditions coming to the knowledge of any official of the Company shall not
be the notice to or be held to bind or prejudicially affect the Company notwithstanding subsequent acceptance of any
premium.
9.6 Overriding effect of the Schedule

The terms and conditions contained herein and the Policy Schedule shall be deemed to form part of the Policy and shall
be read as if they are specifically incorporated herein; however, in case of any inconsistency of any terms and conditions
with the scope of cover contained in the Policy Schedule, then the term(s) and condition(s) contained herein shall be read
mutatis mutandis with the scope of cover, terms and conditions contained in the Policy Schedule and shall be deemed to
be modified accordingly or superseded in case of inconsistency being irreconcilable.
9.7 Right to inspect

The Company’s representatives and appointees, including a surveyor and/or its Dealers appointed on their behalf, shall in
case of any circumstances that have given rise to any benefits and/or services to be provided by the Company under the
Policy be permitted at all reasonable times to examine the Insured Vehicle or records related to the said Insured Vehicle to
ascertain compliance with conditions of this Policy.
9.8 Subrogation

In the event of payment under this Policy, the Company shall be subrogated to all the Insured’s rights of recovery thereof
against any person or organisation, and the Insured shall execute and deliver instruments and papers necessary to secure
such rights.

The Insured and any claimant under this Policy shall at the expense of the Company do and concur in doing and permit to be
done, all such acts and things as may be necessary or required by the Company, before or after Insured’s indemnification,

===== PAGE 7 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
in enforcing or endorsing any rights or remedies, or of obtaining relief or indemnity, to which the Company shall be or
would become entitled or subrogated.
9.9 Fraudulent claims

If any claim is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if
any fraudulent means or devices are used by the Insured or anyone acting on his behalf to obtain any benefit under this
Policy, or if a claim is made and rejected and no Ombudsman complaint or court action or suit is commenced within twelve
months after such rejection, all benefits under this Policy shall be forfeited.
6.10 Cancellation or termination

At Policy level:

The Insured may cancel the Policy anytime during the Policy Period by giving 7 days written notice to the Company. No
refund shall be made in case of cancellation.

At certificate level:

If the underlying Buyback Agreement for an Insured Vehicle is cancelled within a period of ____ days (as specified in the
Policy Schedule) from date of the Buyback Agreement, the Insured shall be eligible for a refund of the premium paid for
that Insured Vehicle less any expenses incurred by the Company on issuance and the stamp duty charges.
9.11 Cause of action and or currency of payments

No claims shall be payable under this Policy unless the cause of action arises in India. All claims shall be payable in India
in Indian rupees only.
9.12 Policy disputes

It has been agreed between the parties that any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions, limitations
and or exclusions contained herein is understood and agreed to be adjudicated or interpreted in accordance with Indian
laws and only competent Indian courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to try all or any matters arising hereunder. The
matter shall be determined or adjudicated in accordance with the law and practice of such court.
9.13 Notices

Any notice, direction or instruction given under this Policy shall be in writing and delivered by hand, post, or facsimile to
the Insurer, at the address specified below:

The Company:
 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited

6th floor Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park

Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400 069

Notice and instructions shall be deemed served 7 days after posting or immediately upon receipt in the case of hand
delivery, facsimile or e-mail.
9.14 Claim settlement

The Company shall settle the claim under the Policy within __ days (as specified in the Policy Schedule) from the date
of necessary documents received for processing the claim. If the Company decides to reject a claim under the Policy,
the Company shall do so within a period of __days (as specified in the Policy Schedule) of the survey report or the
additional valuation or investigation report, as the case maybe, in accordance with the provisions of IRDAI (Protection of
Policyholders’ Interests, Operations and Allied Matters of Insurers) Regulations, 2024 and any amendments thereof.
9.15 Premium Payment

It is hereby agreed that, as a condition precedent to any liability under this Policy, any premium due must be paid by the
Insured and actually realized by the Company in full. In the event of non-realization of the premium, the Policy shall be
treated as void ab-initio.
9.16 Third Parties

Notwithstanding what is stated in any Law, this Policy is not intended to confer any rights or benefits on and or enforceable
by any Third Party other than the Insured and accordingly no Third Party shall acquire any rights in relation to or under this
Policy nor can enforce any benefits or Claim under term of this contract against the Insured.

A person or any entity who is not a party to this Policy shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
Act 2001 or any similar act, common law or any provision of law in any other jurisdiction to enforce any of its terms.
9.17 Alteration in the Policy

This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. No change or alteration shall be valid or effective unless
approved in writing by the Company, which approval shall be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped
by the Company.

===== PAGE 8 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
9.18 Territorial Scope

Where legally permissible by the law of this Policy and the jurisdiction in which the payment is to be made and subject
to all the terms and conditions of this Policy, this Policy shall apply to any Loss incurred or Claims made in India, unless
otherwise stated in the Policy Schedule.
9.19 Written Communication

All communications with the Company must be in writing and must be delivered to its address shown in the Policy. Any
communication meant for the Insured will be sent by the Company to their last known address or Insured’s registered
email as shown in the Policy Schedule.
9.20 Renewal

This Policy is ordinarily not renewable.
9.21 Non-Transferability

This Policy shall stand cancelled ab-initio and no refund of premium shall be made in case of transfer of the Insured
Vehicle by the Beneficiary, during the Certificate Period.
10. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL PROCEDURE
For resolution of any query or grievance, Insured may contact the respective branch office of the Company or may call at
022-48903990 or may write an email at services@indusindinsurance.com. In case the Insured is not satisfied with the
response of the office, Insured may contact the Nodal Grievance Officer of the Company at grievances@indusindinsurance.
com. In the event of unsatisfactory response from the Nodal Grievance Officer, Insured may email to Head Grievance Officer
at Headgrievances@indusindinsurance.com.
If the Insured is not satisfied with the Company's redressal of the Insured’s grievance through one of the above methods, the
Insured may approach the nearest Insurance Ombudsman for resolution of the grievance. The contact details of Ombudsman
offices are mentioned in the Annexures to this Policy wording.
OMBUDSMAN OFFICE
Office of the
Ombudsman
Address
Contact Details
Areas of Jurisdiction
AHMEDABAD
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
2nd Floor, Ambica House,
Near C.U. Shah College, 5,
Navyug Colony, Ashram Road,
Ahmedabad – 380 001.
Tel.: 079 - 27546150/27546139
Fax: 079 - 27546142
Email:
bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in
Gujarat, UT of Dadra &
Nagar Haveli, Daman
and Diu
BENGALURU
Office of Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Soudha Building, PID No. 57-
27-N-19, Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th
Main Road, JP Nagar, 1st Phase,
Bengaluru – 560078.
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049
Email:
bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in
Karnataka
BHOPAL
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Janak Vihar Complex, 2nd Floor,
6, Malviya Nagar, Opp. Airtel Office,
Near New Market,
Bhopal – 462 003.
Tel.: 0755 - 2769201, 2769202
Fax: 0755 - 2769203
Email:
bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in
Madhya Pradesh &
Chhattisgarh
BHUBANESHWAR Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
62, Forest park,
Bhubaneshwar – 751 009.
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455
Fax: 0674 - 2596429
Email:
bimalokpal.bhubaneshwar@cioins.co.in
Orissa
CHANDIGARH
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
S.C.O. No. 101, 102 & 103, 2nd
Floor, Batra Building, Sector 17 – D,
Chandigarh – 160 017.
Tel.: 0172 - 2706196 / 2706468
Fax: 0172 - 2708274
Email:
bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in
Punjab, Haryana,
Himachal Pradesh,
Jammu & Kashmir, UT
of Chandigarh

===== PAGE 9 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
CHENNAI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor,
453, Anna Salai, Teynampet,
Chennai – 600 018.
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24335284
Fax: 044 – 24333664
Email:
bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in
Tamil Nadu, UT -
Pondicherry Town and
Karaikal (which are part
of UT of Pondicherry)
DELHI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building,
Asaf Ali Road, New Delhi – 110 002.
Tel.: 011 - 23239633 / 23237532
Fax: 011 - 23230858
Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in
Delhi
GUWAHATI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor, Nr.
Panbazar Over Bridge, S.S. Road,
Guwahati – 781001 (ASSAM).
Tel.: 0361 - 2132204 / 2132205
Fax: 0361 - 2732937
Email:
bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in
Assam, Meghalaya,
Manipur, Mizoram,
Arunachal Pradesh,
Nagaland and Tripura
HYDERABAD
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",
Lane Opp. Saleem Function Palace,
A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool,
Hyderabad - 500 004.
Tel.: 040 - 65504123 / 23312122
Fax: 040 - 23376599
Email:
bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in
Andhra Pradesh,
Telangana and UT of
Yanam - a part of UT of
Pondicherry.
JAIPUR
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Nidhi – II Bldg.,
Gr. Floor, Bhawani Singh Marg,
Jaipur - 302 005.
Tel.: 0141 - 2740363
Email:
bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in
Rajasthan
ERNAKULAM
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
LIC OF INDIA, 10th Floor, ‘
Jeevan Prakash’, Divisional Office,
M. G. Road, Ernakulam,
Kochi – 682011.
Tel.: 0484 - 2358759 / 2359338
Fax: 0484 - 2359336
Email:
bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in
Kerala, UT of
(a) Lakshadweep, (b)
Mahe-a part of UT of
Pondicherry.
KOLKATA
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 4th Floor,
4, C.R. Avenue, Kolkata - 700 072.
Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124340
Fax: 033 - 22124341
Email:
bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in
West Bengal, UT of
Andaman & Nicobar
Islands, Sikkim
LUCKNOW
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,
Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,
Lucknow - 226 001.
Tel.: 0522 - 2231330 / 2231331
Fax: 0522 - 2231310
Email:
bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in
Districts of Uttar
Pradesh: Laitpur, Jhansi,
Mahoba, Hamirpur,
Banda, Chitrakoot,
Allahabad, Mirzapur,
Sonbhabdra, Fatehpur,
Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,
Varanasi, Gazipur,
Jalaun, Kanpur,
Lucknow, Unnao, Sitapur,
Lakhimpur, Bahraich,
Barabanki, Raebareli,
Sravasti, Gonda,
Faizabad, Amethi,
Kaushambi, Balrampur,
Basti, Ambedkar Nagar,
Sultanpur, Maharajgang,
Sant Kabir Nagar,
Azamgarh, Kushinagar,
Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau,
Ghazipur, Chandauli,
Ballia, Sidharath Nagar.

===== PAGE 10 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
MUMBAI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,
S. V. Road, Santacruz (W),
Mumbai - 400 054.
Tel.: 022 - 26106552 / 26106960
Fax: 022 - 26106052
Email:
bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in
Goa, Mumbai
Metropolitan Region
excluding Navi Mumbai
& Thane.
NOIDA
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Bhagwan Sahai Palace, 4th Floor,
Main Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15,
Dist: Gautam Buddh Nagar,
U.P. - 201301.
Tel.: 0120 - 2514252 / 2514253
Email:
bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in
State of Uttaranchal
and the following
Districts of Uttar
Pradesh: Agra, Aligarh,
Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor,
Budaun, Bulandshehar,
Etah, Kanooj,
Mainpuri, Mathura,
Meerut, Moradabad,
Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya,
Pilibhit, Etawah,
Farrukhabad, Firozbad,
Gautam Budha Nagar,
Ghaziabad, Hardoi,
Shahjahanpur, Hapur,
Shamli, Rampur,
Kashganj, Sambhal,
Amroha, Hathras,
Kanshiram Nagar,
Saharanpur.
PATNA
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
1st Floor, Kalpana Arcade Building,
Bazar Samiti Road, Bahadurpur,
Patna - 800 006.
Tel.: 0612 - 2680952
Email:
bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in
Bihar, Jharkhand.
PUNE
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor,
C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N.C. Kelkar
Road, Narayan Peth, Pune – 411 030.
Tel.: 020 - 41312555
Email:
bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in
Maharashtra, Area of
Navi Mumbai and Thane
excluding Mumbai
Metropolitan Region.
11. COVERAGE SUMMARY
Eligible Vehicles
Private Vehicles: Four Wheeled
Certificate Period
Up to 60 months
COVER DETAILS
Assured Value
Time of Guarantee
Maximum Total Distance
covered (Kilometers)
SOH Threshold*
XX% of Ex-showroom price
at the end of XX months from the date
of purchase of the Insured Vehicle
XX% of Ex-showroom price
at the end of XX months from the date
of purchase of the Insured Vehicle
XX% of Ex-showroom price
at the end of XX months from the date
of purchase of the Insured Vehicle
*Applicable to Electric Vehicles.

===== PAGE 11 =====

indusindinsurance.com
022 4890 3009 (Paid)
74004 22200 (WhatsApp)
Download Now
IRDAI Registration No. 103 IndusInd General Insurance Company Limited (Formerly known as Reliance General Insurance). An ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Company For complete details on the benefits, coverage, terms & conditions and exclusions, do read the sales brochure, prospectus and policy
wordings carefully before concluding sale. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Oberoi Commerz, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City,
Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai-400063. Corporate Identity Number: U66603MH2000PLC128300. IndusInd Motor Assured
Value Insurance. UIN No.: IRDAN103CPMT0001V01202526. IGI/MCOM/CO/IMAVI/PW/Ver.1.0/070226.
Extra Kilometers
_______ Kilometers
In case the odometer reading of the Insured Vehicle exceeds the Maximum Total Covered
Distance, Assured Value of the Insured Vehicle shall be reduced by INR __________/- per
Kilometer provided it is within the Extra Kilometers.
No claim shall be payable where the odometer reading of the Insured Vehicle exceeds the
Extra Kilometers.
